README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="http://nestjs.com/" target="blank"><img src="https://nestjs.com/img/logo-small.svg" width="120" alt="Nest Logo" /></a>
</p>

  <p align="center">A progressive <a href="http://nodejs.org" target="_blank">Node.js</a> framework for building efficient and scalable server-side applications.</p>

## Description

A NestJS template with MongoDB integration and Better Auth authentication system. This starter repository provides a solid foundation for building secure, scalable backend applications with role-based access control and comprehensive user management.

## Features

- **MongoDB Integration**: Ready-to-use MongoDB connection with Better Auth adapter
- **Better Auth**: Comprehensive authentication system with session management, email/password auth, google sign on and more
- **Role-Based Access Control**: Multi-role system (admin, vendor, customer) with custom signup logic
- **Security**: Built-in security features with secure session handling and user verification
- **TypeScript**: Full TypeScript support for type safety
- **Modular Architecture**: Clean, modular structure following NestJS best practices

## Project setup

```bash
$ npm install
```

## Compile and run the project

```bash
# development
$ npm run start

# watch mode
$ npm run start:dev

# production mode
$ npm run start:prod
```

## Authentication Setup

The template includes Better Auth, a comprehensive authentication solution:

- Email and password authentication
- Session-based authentication with secure cookies
- Role-based permissions (admin, vendor, customer)
- Custom user creation hooks with role assignment
- Database integration with MongoDB adapter
- Support for multiple authentication methods and providers

## Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file in the root directory with the following variables:

```env
MONGODB_URI=mongodb://localhost:27017/your-database
BASE_URL=http://localhost:3000
ADMIN_SIGNUP_TYPE=admin-secret-key
ZEN_DOMAIN=@yourdomain.com
BETTER_AUTH_SECRET=your-auth-secret
```

## Run tests

```bash
# unit tests
$ npm run test

# e2e tests
$ npm run test:e2e

# test coverage
$ npm run test:cov
```

## Resources

Check out a few resources that may come in handy when working with NestJS:

- Visit the [NestJS Documentation](https://docs.nestjs.com) to learn more about the framework.
- For questions and support, please visit our [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/G7Qnnhy).
- To dive deeper and get more hands-on experience, check out our official video [courses](https://courses.nestjs.com/).
- Deploy your application to AWS with the help of [NestJS Mau](https://mau.nestjs.com) in just a few clicks.
- Visualize your application graph and interact with the NestJS application in real-time using [NestJS Devtools](https://devtools.nestjs.com).
- Need help with your project (part-time to full-time)? Check out our official [enterprise support](https://enterprise.nestjs.com).
- To stay in the loop and get updates, follow us on [X](https://x.com/nestframework) and [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/company/nestjs).
- Looking for a job, or have a job to offer? Check out our official [Jobs board](https://jobs.nestjs.com).

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for details.

Commit message:

feat: integrate AWS S3 storage functionality
- Added StorageModule and StorageService for handling file uploads and management using AWS S3.
- Implemented methods for uploading, deleting files, and generating pre-signed URLs.
- Updated package.json and package-lock.json to include AWS SDK dependencies.
- Enhanced README with AWS S3 integration details and usage instructions.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="http://nestjs.com/" target="blank"><img src="https://nestjs.com/img/logo-small.svg" width="120" alt="Nest Logo" /></a>
</p>

  <p align="center">A progressive <a href="http://nodejs.org" target="_blank">Node.js</a> framework for building efficient and scalable server-side applications.</p>

## Description

A NestJS template with MongoDB integration and Better Auth authentication system. This starter repository provides a solid foundation for building secure, scalable backend applications with role-based access control and comprehensive user management.

## Features

- **MongoDB Integration**: Ready-to-use MongoDB connection with Better Auth adapter
- **Better Auth**: Comprehensive authentication system with session management, email/password auth, google sign on and more
- **Role-Based Access Control**: Multi-role system (admin, vendor, customer) with custom signup logic
- **AWS S3 Storage**: File upload and management service with pre-signed URLs and validation
- **Security**: Built-in security features with secure session handling and user verification
- **TypeScript**: Full TypeScript support for type safety
- **Modular Architecture**: Clean, modular structure following NestJS best practices

## Project setup

```bash
$ npm install
```

## Compile and run the project

```bash
# development
$ npm run start

# watch mode
$ npm run start:dev

# production mode
$ npm run start:prod
```

## Authentication Setup

The template includes Better Auth, a comprehensive authentication solution:

- Email and password authentication
- Session-based authentication with secure cookies
- Role-based permissions (admin, vendor, customer)
- Custom user creation hooks with role assignment
- Database integration with MongoDB adapter
- Support for multiple authentication methods and providers

## Storage Setup

The template includes AWS S3 integration for file storage:

- File upload with validation (PDF, images up to 10MB)
- Secure file management with pre-signed URLs
- Automatic file key generation using nanoid
- Support for organized folder structure
- File deletion capabilities
- MIME type validation and size limits

## Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file in the root directory with the following variables:

```env
MONGODB_URI=mongodb://localhost:27017/your-database
BASE_URL=http://localhost:3000
ADMIN_SIGNUP_TYPE=admin-secret-key
ZEN_DOMAIN=@yourdomain.com
BETTER_AUTH_SECRET=your-auth-secret
```

## Run tests

```bash
# unit tests
$ npm run test

# e2e tests
$ npm run test:e2e

# test coverage
$ npm run test:cov
```

## Resources

Check out a few resources that may come in handy when working with NestJS:

- Visit the [NestJS Documentation](https://docs.nestjs.com) to learn more about the framework.
- For questions and support, please visit our [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/G7Qnnhy).
- To dive deeper and get more hands-on experience, check out our official video [courses](https://courses.nestjs.com/).
- Deploy your application to AWS with the help of [NestJS Mau](https://mau.nestjs.com) in just a few clicks.
- Visualize your application graph and interact with the NestJS application in real-time using [NestJS Devtools](https://devtools.nestjs.com).
- Need help with your project (part-time to full-time)? Check out our official [enterprise support](https://enterprise.nestjs.com).
- To stay in the loop and get updates, follow us on [X](https://x.com/nestframework) and [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/company/nestjs).
- Looking for a job, or have a job to offer? Check out our official [Jobs board](https://jobs.nestjs.com).

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for details.
